For my curiosity report, I decided to research emulation. Essentially emulators are like translators that let one computer pretend to be another. One of the most common and popular uses for emulation is emulating old game systems so you can run game ROMs on modern systems. What I didn’t know, however, is that there are a lot of uses for emulation in the world of QA and DevOps as well. The first emulator was created by AutoNetics in the 1960s. They created a simulator for evaluating assembly language programs for a missile guidance system called D-17B. This simulation allowed them to test and run these programs before even building the system itself.

There are two main types of emulation, LLE (low level emulation) and HLE (high level emulation). LLE is a type of emulation that seeks to replicate the hardware that it's emulating. Meaning that these types of emulators imitate the exact behavior of the hardware in the emulated system. HLEs, on the other hand, only retain the same function that the original hardware had. This means that under the hood, HLEs can work completely different from the original system, but keep the same functionality. 
Emulation is incredibly important for DevOps because it can be used to test the functionality of an app on different devices. For example, if you’re developing an app nowadays, it needs to support a wide variety of different device specs and screen sizes. Either you have to own a bunch of these different devices or be able to emulate them. This makes supporting these devices a lot easier for developers.
